README.md, before:

This is an in-progress port of [seatgeek's fuzzywuzzy](https://github.com/seatgeek/fuzzywuzzy/) Python library to C++.
When done, this library will have the same interface and behavior.

The underlaying C-library ([python-Levenshtein](https://github.com/miohtama/python-Levenshtein), mirrored [here](https://github.com/Tmplt/python-Levenshtein)) has been stripped of its Python interfacing
and been wrapped around some C++ code.

| files in `src/` | Python/C-lib equivalent |
| ----- | ----------------------- |
| `fuzzywuzzy.{c,h}pp` and `string_matcher.{c,h}pp` | Line-by-line Python-to-C++ translations of the Python library and python-Levenshtein's `StringMatcher.py`. |
| `wrapper.{c,h}pp` | (Python-interfaced-)C-to-C++ wrapper of `ratio_py`, `get_opcodes_py`, `get_matching_blocks_py`, etc. from python-Levenshtein. |
| `utils.{c,h}pp` | Utility functions, translated from the Python library's `utils.py`. |
| `levenshtein.{c,h}` | The underlaying C functions, copied verbatim. |

Build
-----

Build this project and the unit test

```bash
mkdir -p build
cd build
cmake ..
make -j$(nproc) # Multi-threaded compilation
```

Run the unit test of this library

```bash
cd build
make test
```

Usage
-----
```cpp
#include <fuzzywuzzy>
```

**Simple Ratio**
```cpp
fuzz::ratio("this is a test", "this is a test!"); // returns 97
```

**Partial Ratio**
```cpp
fuzz::partial_ratio("this is a test", "this is a test!"); // return 100
```

**Token Sort Ratio**
```cpp
fuzz::ratio("fuzzy wuzzy was a bear", "wuzzy fuzzy was a bear"); // returns 91

fuzz::token_sort_ratio("fuzzy wuzzy was a bear", "wuzzy fuzzy was a bear"); // returns 100
```

**Token Set Ratio**
```cpp
fuzz::token_sort_ratio("fuzzy was a bear", "fuzzy fuzzy was a bear"); // returns 83 (this should be 84)

fuzz::token_set_ratio("fuzzy was a bear", "fuzzy fuzzy was a bear"); // returns 100
```

Commit message:

Remove the `catch.hpp` header and update code comment
1) Catch2 libray now need to be installed or placed in include path to build successfully
2) Add comments to describle the commented out testcases in `test_fuzzywuzzy.cpp`

README.md, after:

This is an in-progress port of [seatgeek's fuzzywuzzy](https://github.com/seatgeek/fuzzywuzzy/) Python library to C++.
When done, this library will have the same interface and behavior.

The underlaying C-library ([python-Levenshtein](https://github.com/miohtama/python-Levenshtein), mirrored [here](https://github.com/Tmplt/python-Levenshtein)) has been stripped of its Python interfacing
and been wrapped around some C++ code.

| files in `src/` | Python/C-lib equivalent |
| ----- | ----------------------- |
| `fuzzywuzzy.{c,h}pp` and `string_matcher.{c,h}pp` | Line-by-line Python-to-C++ translations of the Python library and python-Levenshtein's `StringMatcher.py`. |
| `wrapper.{c,h}pp` | (Python-interfaced-)C-to-C++ wrapper of `ratio_py`, `get_opcodes_py`, `get_matching_blocks_py`, etc. from python-Levenshtein. |
| `utils.{c,h}pp` | Utility functions, translated from the Python library's `utils.py`. |
| `levenshtein.{c,h}` | The underlaying C functions, copied verbatim. |

Build
-----

Build this project and the unit test

```
mkdir -p build
cd build
cmake ..
make -j$(nproc)
```

Test
-----

The unit test of C++ fuzzywuzzy is based on the [Catch2](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2) framework. Install Catch2 into system path or place the single-header version into the include path as `catch2/catch.hpp`

To run the unit test:

```
cd build
./bin/main
```

Usage
-----
```cpp
#include <fuzzywuzzy>
```

**Simple Ratio**
```cpp
fuzz::ratio("this is a test", "this is a test!"); // returns 97
```

**Partial Ratio**
```cpp
fuzz::partial_ratio("this is a test", "this is a test!"); // return 100
```

**Token Sort Ratio**
```cpp
fuzz::ratio("fuzzy wuzzy was a bear", "wuzzy fuzzy was a bear"); // returns 91

fuzz::token_sort_ratio("fuzzy wuzzy was a bear", "wuzzy fuzzy was a bear"); // returns 100
```

**Token Set Ratio**
```cpp
fuzz::token_sort_ratio("fuzzy was a bear", "fuzzy fuzzy was a bear"); // returns 83 (this should be 84)

fuzz::token_set_ratio("fuzzy was a bear", "fuzzy fuzzy was a bear"); // returns 100
```
